Invoke transaction with max fee=0 are not supported by default (#392)
Shard-Labs/starknet-devnet: page/docs/guide/run.md

                        Specify the start time of the genesis block in Unix time seconds
  --gas-price GAS_PRICE, -g GAS_PRICE
                        Specify the gas price in wei per gas unit; defaults to 1e+11

>   --allow-max-fee-zero  Allow transaction with max fee equal zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --allow-max-fee-zero  Allow transactions with max fee equal to zero
```

Author: Updated
